welcome to lesson three 10 techniques
used in great B2B ads now that you built
all of your audiences it's not over just
yet we still need to hit them with a
powerful ad that grabs their attention
and this lesson we'll unpack what great
B2B advertising looks like so remember
module 2 lesson three when you
identified your customer's jobs to be
done this will come in handy to make
sure your ads are clear of what problems
your product is solving as one way to
capture their attention you'll also need
to ask yourself if it stands out among
the CEO other ads or is it hard to
digest or is it just boring to help
let's take a look at what some great B2B
advertising looks like here they are up
on the screen if you want to dive into
them further check out the workbook so
what do all these ads have in common
they follow 10 best practices with all
your ads number one they address their
ICP needs they highlight the benefits
solve pain points and they ask what's in
it for them number two they have clear
calls to action it's compelling and it
stands out in the headline number three
they've optimized the elements they
effectively used all the ad components
to avoid repetition so they make it easy
to convert number four these are some
pretty cool Channel Savvy ads they
tailor the ads to the medium for impact
the medium is the message number five
they use direct language they use you
and your for engagement number six they
use plain speak they cut the jargon and
they use the customer's words in the ads
number seven they use concise copy they
keep it short between 60 to 120
characters and it makes it easy to
consume number eight they use authentic
imagery they use real human images no
stock photos number nine they break the
Norms they've created ads that defy
traditional expectations and last one
number 10 they build trust they leverage
social proof and they address objections
early if you're having trouble with high
cpls and low ctrs bad creative could be
the problem use these 10 best practices
to guide you and if you need more
information check out our ad Library
where you can find even more great
examples of B2B ads that stand out
LinkedIn and Facebook also have ad
libraries too you can find them in these
links below your action item is to start
creating a log of all of your favorite
B2B ads that follow these 10 best
practices that would help you create
even better ads for your product like
what you learned feel free to share this
lesson with your colleagues or leave a
testimonial I'll see you in the next
lesson
[Music]